okay so this is my homemade hot sauce
made from scratch with ingredients that
are for the most part not bought from
the store most of the peppers are from
my friends plant and quality and nobody
likes the sauce they only love it so far
I made it cuz I was you know trying to
make the ultimate salts for myself I
thought what would I like it a hot saw
you see it's a little bit thick too made
mostly with jalapeno peppers there's a
habanero baby chili bell pepper and I
said everybody grease it's very good and
it goes it on everything in a flavor is
not very well-rounded sauce and it's not
too hot made it more for flavor than
heat but it's pretty hot when you put it
on food it eats up a lot lately so you
get most of the flavor and yeah pretty
much everybody who's eaten so far just
close it and
I'm going and called my old school sauce
if anyone's interested okay send me an
email let me know if you want to try
some I can send you a mason jar full but
it takes a while to make it to get up
and running with it yeah definitely give
it a try
you